feat: consistent component events (#506)
cds-snc/gcds-components: packages/web/src/components/gcds-file-uploader/readme.md

## Events

| Event            | Description                                    | Type                  |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| `gcdsBlur`       | Emitted when the uploader loses focus.         | `CustomEvent<void>`   |

> | `gcdsChange`     | Update value based on user selection.          | `CustomEvent<any>`    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `gcdsChange`     | Emitted when the user has made a file selection.          | `CustomEvent<any>`    |
```

Would this be a better description? I know this readme is autogenerated but we could change it in the comment
